# provider_assistance
Source: https://ahca.myflorida.com/medicaid/medicaid-policy-quality-and-operations/medicaid-operations/recipient-and-provider-assistance/provider-services
Fetched: 2026-03-04T15:36:02.545282Z

Provider Services | Florida Agency for Health Care Administration The state of Florida neither endorses links nor approves of links to external sources. External links are made available for the convenience of the internet user. The state of Florida takes no responsibility for a link's operation or content. The links that are shown are not an exclusive listing of organizations available within the state. Warning: You are leaving the AHCA website No, Stay Here Ok, I understand An official website of the Florida State government. Florida Agency for Health Care Administration About the Agency for Health Care Administration | Contact AHCA | Public Records | Public Meetings Search Medicaid Go to Medicaid Medicaid Policy, Quality and Operations Agency Dashboards Medicaid Finance and Analytics Florida Health Care Connections (FX) Health Quality Assurance Go to Health Quality Assurance Bureau of Central Services Bureau of Field Operations Bureau of Health Facility Regulation Office of Medicaid Program Integrity Florida Center for Health Information and Transparency Office of Plans and Construction Agency Administration Go to Agency Administration About the Secretary Chief of Staff Office Information Technology Office Office of Inspector General Office of the General Counsel Find a Facility Careers Provider Services Home Medicaid Medicaid Policy, Quality and Operations Medicaid Operations Recipient and Provider Assistance Provider Services SMMC Home Federal Authorities Provider Enrollment Provider Enrollment is responsible for enrolling qualified providers to receive Medicaid reimbursement for services rendered to Statewide Medicaid Managed Care and Medicaid Fee-For-Service recipients. Provider Enrollment Help Line Information Florida Medicaid's Web Portal solution provides communication and self-service tools to the provider community. Provider Training The Fiscal Agent, Gainwell Technologies, provides Web Portal Trainings for the Florida Medicaid Management Information System . Presentations and Web Based Trainings are available on the Public Web Portal Training pages. Request a Plan and Provider Specialist on the Contact Us page by completing the Contact Information form. Ownership Changes Change of Ownership Information Claims Support Provider Support provides research and technical support for Medicaid Fee-For-Service claims inquiries and processing issue resolution. For assistance contact 1-877-254-1055. Fee-for-service Exceptional Claims Exceptions to the 12-month claim submission time limit may be allowed, if the claim meets certain conditions. Providers must submit exceptional claims, along with the required Exceptional Claim Form, electronically via the Florida Medicaid Secure Web Portal under the Claims panel. Providers are encouraged to review the Electronic Exceptional Claim Submission Quick Reference Guide, found on the Quick Reference Guides page of the public Web Portal, for instructions on how to submit an electronic exceptional claim. Each exceptional claim should have its own cover sheet [ 106.2 kB ] Where to submit exceptional claims for In-State Providers and Out-Of-State Providers [ 207.9 kB ] . For additional information on exceptional claims see the Medicaid reimbursement handbooks . Additional Reference Information Children&rsquo;s Medical Services Health Plan Children&rsquo;s Medical Services Health Plan (CMS Health Plan) is a Statewide Medicaid Managed Care (SMMC) Managed Medical Assistance (MMA) Specialty Plan for children and youth with special health care needs. This plan is offered by the Florida Department of Health who has contracted with WellCare of Florida, Inc to provide managed care services to our members. You can visit www.CMSPlanFlorida.gov to learn more. If you are the treating physician of a child and you would like to attest to the eligibility of your patient for the CMS plan, please review the CMS Clinical Eligibility Attestation for Physicians and a list of qualifying chronic and serious conditions [ ] . Completed and signed attestations can be submitted by the physician to the Department of Health via secure email at [email&#160;protected] or via fax to 850-488-3813. Please be sure to submit all five pages of the attestation. If physicians have questions about the CMS Clinical Eligibility Attestation, please contact a CMS plan nurse at 1-855-901-5390. Florida Medicaid contracts with a Fiscal Agent for provider enrollment, management of the beneficiary file/records Medicaid Fee-For-Service claims processing and payment. Fiscal Agent Public Information for Providers Secure Information for Providers Florida Medicaid contracts with the following entity to perform Prior Authorization/Utilization Management services. eQHealth Solutions (utilization management for Medicaid Fee-For-Service) Recipient and Provider Assistance Provider Services Recipient Support Document reader download links: MS Word Viewer MS PowerPoint Viewer Windows Media Player Quicktime Media Player Windows Media Player WinRar Adobe PDF Reader Return to top ahca.myflorida.com Official website of the State of Florida Disclaimer | Accessibility © 2026 Florida Agency for Health Care Administration 💬 Ask Abby (Beta) ✖